Initialize bibliography with sphinxcontrib-bibtex (#1263)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/1263.doc.2.rst

Updated the documentation guide within the contributor guide to describe

> how to add references in bibtex format.

Author: - [ ] Do this ↑

> Updated the documentation guide within the contributor guide to describe
> how to add references in BibTeX format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the documentation guide to include a description on how to
add and cite references to PlasmaPy's global bibliography BibTeX file,
``bibliography.bib``.
```

Your write up did a little more than what your change log entry suggested, so I think this better encompasses the work.
